It's him it's him
Hey, come and sit down, senior sister
Listen to me!
It's Gao Xiaoyun
He forced me to join his revenge plan
He's already possessed
Man's mouth deceiving ghost
Who would believe
That female ninja just now
I'm afraid it was Gao Xiaoyun who took him
Hired him to the revenge plan
If you don't believe me, just catch him and ask him.
Ok I believe you
But you have to stand firm
Be clean
Right, right, right, clean.
Hey
Let's find a way to catch that Qingshuangxue back
We can't let him pave the way for Gao Xiaoyun anymore
If the real enemy is Ouyang Tomb
Naruolin Ceremony
Can be very dangerous
Long Shuai, you are not dead
Why did you come to Jinhai?
I want to personally preside over Long Shuai's spiritual entry ceremony
So how dare you come to Jinhai?
Problem hum
Stop talking
Zhang Yuntao and Liu Qingshan have already confessed you
Did you sense that they were both having a stroke of luck?
So I rushed to confirm my life and death
Hahaha no
Long Shuai, I just want to tell you
Long Shuai is dead
You are just an ordinary person Liao Fan
What do you mean?
It means literally.
If 0, the ceremony will not stop because of your appearance
And you, Xiaoxiao, pretending to replace Long Shuai
Will be personally judged by my Great Xia National Teacher
Imperial Preceptor, your words are contradictory
Liao Fan, he is Long Shuai
How can Maoming replace this saying?
Sister, I understand.
Do you want to be at the Ruolin ceremony?
Let me die one more time as an impostor
This is for the support of all people
It is also for the future of the world
Full of benevolence and morality
It's not that you are hypocritical. You are too much.
Thank you, King Chen, for your praise.
No more nonsense
I hope Liao Fan can achieve it tomorrow.
Lie obediently in the coffin I prepared for you
Lead the police to save the way
This kind of death is for you
Maybe it would be more decent
Hahahahahaha